`ColorPalette`: don't render when custom colors disabled and no colors passed (#72402)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/CHANGELOG.md

-   `Tooltip`: Use `--wpds-border-radius-md` for portaled popup surfaces, aligning with menus and popovers ([#78983](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/78983)).

### Bug Fixes

> -   Fix bug displaying custom color option even when opted out ([74402](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/72402))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   -   `ColorPalette`: Avoid rendering an empty palette when custom colors are disabled and no color presets are available ([#72402](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/72402)).
```

> -   -   `ColorPalette`: Avoid rendering an empty palette when custom colors are disabled and no color presets are available ([#72402](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/72402)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `ColorPalette`: Avoid rendering an empty palette when custom colors are disabled and no color presets are available ([#72402](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/72402)).
```

Author: @ciampo got this fixed locally while resolving merge conflicts.
